Christina haro: Morning.
Morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, so your cats are taking care of
Christina haro: My cat. She's just driving me nuts early this morning and I figured I better. I better feeder that she's not gonna leave me alone.
Christina haro: Yeah.
Christina haro: Yeah, she was yelling, I mean this is a big, big cat. I mean, she's not a small cat. She's cute. Oh my.
Gwenevere Abriel: Get a note up and for us. So how did you keep yourself busy this weekend.
Christina haro: And we took a lot of walks
Christina haro: Road some bikes. We've got some bikes. So we wrote some bikes this week.
Smart
Gwenevere Abriel: And who are you hanging out with which which
Christina haro: My two sons. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now what's happening with their employment, they're
Gwenevere Abriel: going outside of the house. What
Christina haro: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: What are they doing
Christina haro: Really nothing they both worked at hotels. So they both got laid off. Yeah.
Oh boy.
Gwenevere Abriel: So how is it going to be having them around. You can like that are fun get irritable. What's it going to be like
Christina haro: A while, so far it's okay with just been spending a lot of family time together. So it's been okay
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, you've mentioned many times your distress over him going out. Seems like that should have lowered the stress, a little bit.
Christina haro: Oh yeah, definitely.
Christina haro: It's nice.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's cool little extra family time
Gwenevere Abriel: And how is your daughter. Um, let's see. I don't have my note, open the one that's out of state.
Christina haro: Okay, good. She's back with God. So that's good. You spend a week. She's out. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And does it seem like her emotions have leveled out for now.
Christina haro: Yeah, she's, she's in she's in town, happy to see how happy she still talks about coming back this summer after everything's over and stuff. But you know, that's quite a bit to go. So hopefully, she'll to find a way before them.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how your emotions been over this week.
Christina haro: Over this
Christina haro: Okay, I guess I'm handling it. Okay, now. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me about one of your low moments.
Christina haro: Of
Christina haro: My low moments.
Christina haro: I think my only low moment is worrying about money. You know how we're going to get ahead and stuff but i think i think we're okay with that has that I think
Gwenevere Abriel: You say you think you have house something
Christina haro: No, I think I got past that, you know, I felt really really I'm either tell you, I felt really stressed about money issues, you know, with the boys not working and stuff like that. But I think we're okay now we got past that.
Gwenevere Abriel: How do you get past something
Christina haro: Wow, I'm not saying it's it's it's gone. I'm just saying you know we we talked a lot me and the boys and then they they file for unemployment, so that's coming through. So it's a little bit of help. So we feel better about that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are Kareena that's the daughter was thinking
Yeah.
Christina haro: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So creaminess with your dad your boys are home not working, they're filing for unemployment and getting to spend some extra family time
Gwenevere Abriel: I. What about your daughter. I think she was
Gwenevere Abriel: She's in this in this program. She's nearby not not living with your she moved back in
Christina haro: No, she hasn't moved back you know
Gwenevere Abriel: She doing she's
Christina haro: Good. She's still working. If you work for a Livery Companies, so she's still working. So she's doing good, she's keeping yourself busy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Today, I think is pretty close to
Gwenevere Abriel: And we have monthly review before to we're not going to see each other since then. So let's take a look at how you're doing.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I know, don't be hard on yourself, right, because maybe set these goals. And it's like, life gets in the way. But these are things that we're keeping an eye on things you want to accomplish this. I want a job.
Gwenevere Abriel: On the ninth of March, made a little note I am still waiting to hear back from the hotel, a son said there will be a lot of openings. Okay, so where are we at with this now.
Christina haro: We're getting
Christina haro: Close. Yeah, it really united in, you know, I mean, With all this going on where we're like on a ship down here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. And is there anything. Have you played around with anything online that you might want to do
Christina haro: A few things like
Christina haro: There's some like
Christina haro: Produce companies and stuff that are hiring I applied I applied at some stocking positions. I haven't heard back. So who knows maybe somebody will call me.
Okay.
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now you present like it's not affecting it's not causing stress, but that might be just what you're showing here. How much of the time. Do you worry.
Gwenevere Abriel: About
Christina haro: Do
Christina haro: Worry, I say, maybe you know there's, you know, most of the day. I try to just not think about it, but I think like in the evening hours. I kind of stress before I go to sleep.
Christina haro: Because he knows quite a down the boys are in the room, I'm you know I have more time to think I do get a little anxious and stressed.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what's your, your evening routine looks like looks like you know from, like, you know, six or seven o'clock on what what do you, what's a typical evening for you.
Christina haro: Usually I make dinner wash the dishes. And then, you know, everybody says, Good night, or we sit here and talk for a while, then I'll go to my room, watch some TV feed the cat that's the usual okay
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's during after dinner that you start to worry. Is it during tv time, is it feeling
Christina haro: About it. Yeah. I said, about eight I started to think about stuff.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what I'm TV doesn't seem to get your mind off of it.
Christina haro: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, because
Christina haro: You know, I haven't really I haven't really worried that much to say, you know, it's like the nightly thing, but I guess if we keep if you know life turns out like this, you know, and it extends longer. I think I probably going to get more worried, but
Christina haro: It hasn't been too bad. Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So how about how many minutes do you think you spend from
inky
Gwenevere Abriel: 15 or
Christina haro: Maybe 1520 you know I think about it. And then, you know,
Christina haro: I think about it, and then I I just tell myself, you know, you're not the only one going through this right now. It's almost everybody right
Gwenevere Abriel: And we think about
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see, on the ninth of March. You had mentioned, and she had gone to church over the weekend. It was a big step for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: People that, you know, um, are you doing around spirituality and in your recovery. I know you had started to go there. How is it in your life are not
Christina haro: Ready to go. And now there is no church. So, um, recently I started watching the religious channel like yesterday I watched it on TV, which is nice. It made me feel good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you hear anything in there that kind of relates to a way for you to have sustained.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or hear anything in some of the sermons that kind of give you hope and strength. Like, do you remember hearing something
Christina haro: You know,
Christina haro: You'll only thing like I remembered you know these past couple of times that I've been doing the the the
Christina haro: The TV thing. And then when I went I did a
Christina haro: 111 thing kind of caught my mind is when he said on hard times when you're in hard times, you know, you should pray and think about you know what Jesus went through, you know, and just try to pray and ask, you know, but to help you. That's that to my mind because you know in in
Christina haro: In recent years, I was real close to that side of myself and I just totally lost that way. So it kind of it kind of made me think.
Gwenevere Abriel: So describe what Jesus went through, obviously it's a lot, but like, what's the imagery, you got
Christina haro: The imagery, I get is, you know, she
Christina haro: To me, you know he he went through hard times, he was accused of a lot of stuff you know he did a lot of things people didn't approve of, you know,
Christina haro: And yet you know I think about all that. And I said, Well, you know,
Christina haro: I have to kind of think of what he went through.
Christina haro: And through and yet you know I don't tell you, I feel like I just feel like God's watching over me. That's how I feel.
Christina haro: Just like God watch over him. I. That's how I feel. But I feel I have be closer to him for him to help me.
Gwenevere Abriel: So God is watching over Jesus through his hard times and is watching over you.
Christina haro: Yeah, and I just feel like I haven't gotten there yet. You know, like I used to be.
Gwenevere Abriel: The difference between what you were doing before. And now as well. Yes.
Christina haro: Yes, the difference. So different is that, you know, in the past, you know, I was really into church I go regularly. You know, I would tend to special masses and now
Christina haro: It didn't, you know, it had been a while since I've gone. I just like kind of lead myself away from there and I have to buy myself back
Gwenevere Abriel: So because of the
Gwenevere Abriel: Strength. Is there a way you mean you're watching some religious channels.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hmm, what's another way that you can still feel close and connected is having, having to physically attend special masses.
Christina haro: Well, I do a lot of reading. So, I bet about reading the Bible also
Christina haro: I used to read a lot. I used to read religious books and stuff. And now you haven't done that in a while.
Gwenevere Abriel: So made me think about from a
Gwenevere Abriel: But if you read at least twice a week. What would that be like even even a half hour. It's really intense reading
Christina haro: Guys think that would be good.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, okay.
Christina haro: Yeah, I think that would be good, that would that would help me out a lot.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it already by your bedside.
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tucked in a drawer.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe that's the trick.
Christina haro: Is to get it out. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: So maybe after this
Gwenevere Abriel: Take the remote control. Maybe in flip positions the remote control goes into tour.
Gwenevere Abriel: Comes out and you just set it, set up for yourself and say, Hey, I'm just going to do this for a half hour or 20 minutes, whatever. Seems like reasonable to you or you're not going to talk yourself out of it because it's so daunting.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: Effect on that worrying.
Christina haro: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you like that idea.
Christina haro: I think that's a good idea.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so I'll just wrote down, we'll see if, if you read it twice a week. See what happens.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Yeah. Okay. It's a way to stay connected
See, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Normal and work and not dependent on drugs. I want to be drug free. Okay. So, on March 2 in discussing tapering down, hoping that I am more myself. I hope I am more normal that's kind of how you had worded it
Gwenevere Abriel: Um,
Let's see.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was a tricky one because I I don't know what normal is not sure is different for everybody.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hope at that I'm more myself more myself maybe we could explore that a little bit.
Gwenevere Abriel: And tell me more about cuz you use yeah this were normal I've heard you use that before a couple of times in the goal. And then here in March, March 2 I hope I am more normal hope than I am more myself.
Christina haro: Oh, good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Feel like you're most the authentic self. Then I don't know if we're saying the same thing but I tend to divide right the addict from the authentic self or the attics that one that
Gwenevere Abriel: Sort of wants to escape the one that says, Hey, it's okay if you lie to people steal from people and you don't have to be responsible accountable for your word. You know that kind of
Gwenevere Abriel: And the authentic self is probably this one that you're talking about earlier about connecting with your spirit with faith.
Gwenevere Abriel: The love you have for yourself for your children that kind of authentic part of you.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So when you define normal just, you don't have to answer right away that that's kind of a big question. What
Gwenevere Abriel: What are some behaviors that would constitute normal
Christina haro: Let him to me. I start, I started looking at
Christina haro: My ad itself and my normal self. And, you know, there's a lot of things that I just wasn't doing anymore.
Christina haro: And that was like number one is like making dinner, making dinner and my house was like a big thing because I've made dinner every night. We all sat together and eight, but my ad itself. I was so busy doing other things I didn't even do that anymore. I wasn't even cooking anymore.
Christina haro: So to me, that's one of the things that
Christina haro: My kids noticed my kids noticed that I wasn't, I wasn't doing the things that I used to. So, little by little, I'm getting back to that.
Gwenevere Abriel: So one thing is cooking and sitting down.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, that's great, in the sense that you can identify a very tangible sign that you're getting back to your authentic self, what you would call your normal self.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. And what about what about self talk. That's one thing. Like something anyone can see. Oh mom is cooking. Oh, she's not cooking.
Gwenevere Abriel: She's not cooking. She hasn't been cooking regularly for the last couple months. I wonder if she's okay we might be able to look at you and see that that can be a sign.
Gwenevere Abriel: That an early slip or an early stinking thinking starting to kick in. That could be something some pick up on. Or you might pick up on it too. I wonder why I don't want to
Gwenevere Abriel: Cook wonder why I don't want to sit with my family. And then you could roll it back and say,
Gwenevere Abriel: I wonder if I'm hiding something. I don't want to talk with people. I'm isolating for some people. That's what that is. So for you, when you think about the self talk that when you go okay attic self versus what you call normal
Gwenevere Abriel: What's the difference between the inner voice that you have about yourself about your past. So that inner voice, how, how are they different
Christina haro: How are they different
Christina haro: Um,
Christina haro: I didn't know
Christina haro: my normal self. I
Christina haro: my normal self will talk about doing family stuff my ad itself is like, oh,
Christina haro: Oh no, you don't have to, you know, oh, you know, it's okay. Oh, they will notice that time that you evil talk comes out.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so would you say that
Gwenevere Abriel: When you said you got bikes. Tell me more about what you did in order to make that happen.
Christina haro: For the kid we had talked about spending time together, me and the kids and we're all like, Well, if we're going to be locked up with the house. What are we supposed to do, you know. So we started picking one
Christina haro: And then my son says, Hey, Mom, you know, maybe we should have, you know, pick up the bikes, we have. And then I thought, oh, well, we don't even have them anymore. I pulled my car, I thought I sold them in the yard sale. So then
Christina haro: That was that, and then my son says, Well, maybe we should go buy some let's look around and buy some, he says. So we take the highlights. Like we used to. And I'm like, well, I guess. And then he's got some money. Let's look around. So we did. We bought somebody, and that's what we did.
Christina haro: And it's been fun. I mean, I'm having fun. I'm sore, but I'm having fun.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Okay. Excellent. So when you say doing family stuff it's family. It's walks family walks and you got those bikes. YOU'RE BIKING
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. And when when you're in the other negative self talk the addict, it's, oh no, they won't notice and right you're not following through with the family time
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not pushing it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not going to encourage in or push it. Is that right,
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there anything else.
Christina haro: No, I just I just noticed you know the addicts, that the little added part of me didn't do a lot of family stuff.
Christina haro: I kind of slipped away from that family thing. And now I'm looking back at you know the stuff that went on, especially this last one last year was the hardest part of my ad itself. And I noticed that last year, I didn't do much family stuff.
Christina haro: You know, we used to go to movies we used to, you know, go hiking ways to do other things. And that stopped.
Christina haro: So now I'm starting to Little by little, do more family stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: What last year. Tell me about some of the things going on. Last year, that made it the worst part of your addiction.
Christina haro: I think that will stress with my older daughter was the worst part of my I was really stressed, you know, it was a daily confrontation with her.
Christina haro: You know it wasn't you know we could have a couple of nice days and then all of a sudden, you know, she would just flip it. She was in my face and I didn't even want to come home. Most of the time.
Christina haro: It was hard.
Gwenevere Abriel: She was living with you during that time. Is that right,
Christina haro: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: I guess it makes me wonder. There's been correct me if I'm wrong, little discussions about Katrina coming back living with you near you, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you think it's wise to to be very mindful of your recovery and it puts your recovery in danger if she were to live with you.
Christina haro: Oh yeah, that's exactly one of the reasons I just tried to, you know, talk her into staying over there.
Christina haro: Are you know I didn't I, me and my son have gotten together and centers, the money, you know, just to help her out and hopefully you know she'll find your way over there. It's, you know, we've talked about it. Me and my son up talk about it from him and Kareena we're really close.
Christina haro: You know he's he's 29 she's 30 and there they were really, really close and you know he misses her and he tells me, but you know
Christina haro: He got to see the bad side of her which he never did. So he understands what I went through and he tells me it's not a good idea. She comes back and I said, I know.
Christina haro: I think it's the best she stays over there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Must be nice to have your son also sort of see it i'd i you know your family did not say mean things like, Oh, well, your, what kind of mom would do that. Do you have anyone saying negative is ugly things like that.
Christina haro: You know I'm, I'm going to tell you that last year before all this happened. My son was totally on her side.
Christina haro: But he had never seen. He had never seen my daughter, you know, blow up or he had never seen that ugly side of her
Christina haro: And I'm so happened that we that she she blew up one day and he got to see the ugliness in her
Christina haro: You got to see the way she treated me and now he tells me, you know, Mom. He says, I'm sorry. I never knew Kareena was like that.
Christina haro: Because I never saw her life that he says, and he lived in Dallas with her, you know, they live close by. They were always together, but she never she never acted that way with him.
Christina haro: So now you know he understands and he tells me you know I wanted help or you know if she can stay over there you go. It's for the best.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You've got a goal of I want to be happy.
Christina haro: everybody's always told me that I always have a smile on my face but you know how that is, you know, sometimes you put a smile on your face and you're not really happy.
Christina haro: But I can say I can actually say that, um, this year has turned out a lot better for me and I can actually put a smile on my face and it's for real, you know, I feel, I feel happy.
Christina haro: I've been doing good. I feel good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Over the last couple weeks. Are you able to tell me, maybe a little situation where you may have been challenged with maybe responding in a habitual way of reacting with anger, but instead you may have caught yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Skills different communication skills. Can you maybe share a story.
Christina haro: Yeah I past two weeks, I think it was probably last week.
Christina haro: When I had a little disagreement with my son, my younger one
Christina haro: Because
Christina haro: He's laid out and didn't want
Gwenevere Abriel: To
Christina haro: End. It's all you know it. Yeah, he's the one that gives me the problems.
Christina haro: Because last week I was really angry because he left and I know I asked him when he left at home. Are you coming home and he says, Yeah, I'll be back. But he can come home and online and the whole next day I didn't see him.
Christina haro: Calling his friends because I had some numbers. And I finally found him and then when you did get home. I was so upset. I was like,
Christina haro: I think I blew up and I caught myself getting angry.
Christina haro: To you into his room. Later on he came out and he told me he was sorry he says, but he says, I'm sorry. He says, but I do remember telling you I wasn't going to come home. And I said, No, you didn't. I come you didn't tell me you weren't coming home. So I was pretty, I was pretty heated
Christina haro: And I caught myself.
Christina haro: Remember, you told me to kind of, you know, think about it, when I started getting upset with him.
Christina haro: I remember what you told me so I kind of calm down and I just told him you know that he really scared me. I, I tried to come down. I made the best of it afterwards. The nephew went to his room a while later, he told me he was sorry
Gwenevere Abriel: But same behavior still there.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not quite correct. Yeah, it was still going on. He still goes out and
Gwenevere Abriel: Whether he told you, or he didn't tell you
Gwenevere Abriel: Now is that is that is your county okay with that. Is it okay that people call out
Christina haro: Um, well that was last week. So I think the new rule now is there's a curfew. Now, I think it's after six, you're not supposed to be out anymore. So that's changed in the last few days.
Christina haro: He hasn't gone anywhere.
Christina haro: Because he knows he can. So that's the only reason now he's home.
Christina haro: Which makes me
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright.
Gwenevere Abriel: So if we say, you know, your goal is, I want to be happy and not bring baggage. Now, the way I had worded something for you to work on was
Gwenevere Abriel: Play will increase window of tolerance for somatic emotional and cognitive integration. So in other words, being able to sit with your body having tense muscles muscles having some activity.
Gwenevere Abriel: Probably. Right. Well, you tell me what was the thought that you happen to you. You're saying wasn't home.
Gwenevere Abriel: son wasn't home he still not all me still not home. It's not hot.
Christina haro: Stove I was getting what I can see that I was angry.
So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, that's an emotion. What were you thinking, thinking,
Christina haro: I, oh, I was thinking the worst. I was thinking the worst.
Christina haro: I was thinking something happened to him.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me hear it. I was thinking
Christina haro: Something happened to him. I was thinking that
Christina haro: I didn't know I was doing. I was just thinking that he was lying dead somewhere. That's how I felt. Because he's had a lot of friends lately that have gotten killed shot.
Christina haro: And it scares me. It's currently
Christina haro: overdoses. You know, he's had a few friends that have died and he's been to funerals and it scares me not to say that my son's doing stuff because we talked about it and I know he hasn't but it still scares me.
Gwenevere Abriel: I got it.
Give me just a second.
Christina haro: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: A pretty good amount of time here. Why don't we, if you're open to it, share a little bit I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Continuing to add to the subjective unit of distress thermometer.
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of add more items to it kind of learn more about some of your stories and get a sense of where they fall on distress and a couple of them. So far what we have
Gwenevere Abriel: From zero to 100 about about 10 of his, you know, I tell my son on to wash the dishes and throw throw in the trash and get upset a little mad scolding years I used to get, I'm assuming, years ago, I used to get really mad and upset. I will just do it myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Much higher on the scale is about a 60 also around fun and this is would want to go out and does not tell me where he's going. I get upset and afraid that something bad will happen to him, but not to the point where I below.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the stomach feels flutters and the heart pounding.
Gwenevere Abriel: If he stays calm your thoughts are on going to have a good night and not full of stress and worry if he stays home and watches a movie with me. It feels great for safe and we're together and I feel happy and that he wants to be near you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the thought is, I'm a good mother.
Christina haro: Yeah, I remember that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just thinking about it. Now as I bring bring us back to that memory. What do you notice about yourself.
Christina haro: I I've noticed that
Christina haro: Now when I get upset. I kind of caught myself with like sometimes I catch myself before I blow a and I tried to just read and
Christina haro: Kind of
Christina haro: A writer you word things differently than I would before and then like this last time when I blew up. I was, I think this last time that I blew up. It's because I was scared. You know, that was not that angry side of me. It was more the scared side of me.
Christina haro: But now that he may be mad like lately. I can't believe stays made me that angry or maybe it's because I've learned to deal with it differently. So I can more or less happy another level. Instead of blowing up.
Gwenevere Abriel: And if he were here.
What
Gwenevere Abriel: He thinks that he would describe it the same way. Would he say if you were in a room right now. Well, what would he
Gwenevere Abriel: How he described
Gwenevere Abriel: How you're different.
Christina haro: Probably
Christina haro: Yell at him like they used to.
Christina haro: Okay, because he has told me that
Christina haro: He says he told me one day blame mom, he says you've calmed down a lot.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Christina haro: It feels good. It feels good.
Christina haro: It feels good. He tells me it tells me that counseling must be doing something for you. He says, Because you seem a lot calmer than you did.
Good.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's just see earlier on I had done an inventory with you and you were feeling quite extreme experiences of jumpy and easily startled.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that continuing to be an extremely frequent thing where you're jumpy and easily startled.
Christina haro: No, actually I've been really, no. I think this last maybe month
Christina haro: I've noticed a big change in me to where I don't feel
Christina haro: I don't feel too much anxiety anymore i'm i'm a little calmer.
Christina haro: But I don't know because I have everybody here. You know, I have my voice.
Christina haro: Hear me, isn't that bad because we're all here and that will have to worry about them being out or
Gwenevere Abriel: jumpy. Give me an example of when you use
Gwenevere Abriel: Or easily startled.
Christina haro: Hmm, um,
Christina haro: I think I would go really, really.
Christina haro: Like
Christina haro: Like when my it was. It's weird. It was weird even like say a couple of months ago, I could say that I could be watching TV in the living room and you know my son's get home and they know they're coming home. But yeah, it
Christina haro: Was really dumb. It was like
Christina haro: I didn't know it was like an anxious feeling like
Christina haro: I don't, I don't know. I don't know how to explain it to you. It was weird.
Gwenevere Abriel: You just did. So let's take that for a second.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you remember
Gwenevere Abriel: Your body when even though you're expecting them home but hearing the door open gives you an anxious feeling. Where do you feel that in your body.
Christina haro: Like in my stomach.
Mm hmm.
Christina haro: Like I'm scared of something
Now,
Gwenevere Abriel: How does the stomach feel again. What's it like, see if you can describe it. What's it doing in there in the stomach.
Christina haro: Because like that feeling the roller coaster where it's going up and down. You know, like the lottery filling up and down.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, funny feeling up and down.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Do you know how far back that goes are the most intense time you had that feeling.
Christina haro: I think that goes back to when I was first when I my first husband Kareena and Martinez father and he used to be abused me a lot, and I think
Christina haro: It kind of takes me back to those days when he used to come home from work. I was always scared when he come home and open the door. I never knew it. What kind of mood. He was or
Christina haro: I was afraid.
Gwenevere Abriel: What level of distrust. Would you say that was that back then.
Christina haro: That
Christina haro: Yeah, that was up to like maybe 90
Christina haro: Or even more. It was the worst.
Gwenevere Abriel: You give me a number. We've got 90 all the way to 100 the one with 100 you can put it, whatever, like
Christina haro: I like 9595
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's the ex husband.
Gwenevere Abriel: That knowing that when he gets home. You don't know whether he's going to be abusive, there's this anxiety, the stomach has this roller coaster feeling. And so now the the current trigger is you'll just hear the door or even the handle. Is that what's happening.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and then you get that same fluttery roller coaster filling up and down filling in the stomach.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's stay there for a moment. See if we can have a little targeting this one. Maybe we can do DM Dr. Next time with this this event so that you don't get activated with the door.
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean, we want to be mindful of it, but we want to be in a in a relaxed vigilance, not, not so activated. So it says fear response. So let me ask you something back then. Remember, these are the harder ones to get to
Gwenevere Abriel: Are the thoughts, the beliefs about the self, this is this is a challenge to just kind of go with it. Now keep guiding and steering and bringing us back so we can find the belief about the self. So just for a moment, to the degree that you can tolerate
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe not even all the way back to ex husband, maybe just to to reason with with your boys as they're starting to open the door.
Gwenevere Abriel: Check and see
Gwenevere Abriel: If you can catch
Gwenevere Abriel: What the underlying thoughts are right then.
Gwenevere Abriel: Truth, the sound. They're opening the door. Do you know what the first thought is,
Christina haro: For some reason, my first thought is, I wonder who's coming in and I know
Christina haro: But it's like my mind just wonders, who's coming in. I mean, I know what's coming home.
Gwenevere Abriel: OK. OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: Will do. I can do all that analysis for you. You're doing great, that's a super comment because it's I wonder who's coming in now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold on to that stay there with them go through it again bring that up into your working memory. You just thought it. I can hear the sound and I wonder who is coming in.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now see if you can identify what you believe about yourself in that moment. These are the most difficult to get to. So being patient with it and you might find it in the I Am. I Am.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you believe about yourself. I believe about myself. What I am
Gwenevere Abriel: First thing that comes to mind.
Christina haro: You know, like
Christina haro: I'm worried I I'm scared. It's going to be somebody else. They don't know. That's how I feel. I feel like it's going to be somebody else.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what do you believe about you, if it's somebody else.
Christina haro: I believe I'm scared I'm scared.
Gwenevere Abriel: And if you stay scared. What do you, what do you believe will happen.
I
Christina haro: Don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: If it's somebody else. What do you believe
Christina haro: Will happen that something bad will happen to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you believe about you. Something bad's going to happen to you.
Christina haro: That I'm going to get beat up.
Christina haro: Great.
Christina haro: And actually I did have somebody walk into my house. One time, this was a while back I was sitting in the living room watching TV, and I thought it was my son walking in and all sudden it was a weird guy. He just walked into my house.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's terrifying.
Christina haro: But not getting what
Christina haro: You are seeing. And he was looking at me and I looked at my said, What are you doing,
Christina haro: He looked. No, he just looked at me and he wouldn't say anything. And I told him to get out and it was weird because my son was had just walked into the bathroom with this down the hall and
Christina haro: I got scared and I ended up going to the kitchen to get a knife and when I came out he ran
Christina haro: Then, and then he tells me. Who are you talking to, I said this weird guy walked into the house and then he tells me, let me go see and he ran out and he saw him, but he wasn't able to catch up to him that I was already running down the street.
Christina haro: So I think that's when it's one of the things
Christina haro: And if I would have been alone that day. I could have done better rate.
Christina haro: And my door wasn't locked, so I've learned my lesson about that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how's your body feeling right now.
Christina haro: I'm just thinking a heart starts pounding in my chest.
Christina haro: I start to get a little anxious
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're okay, you're okay now.
I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Batman didn't hurt you. You okay
Christina haro: Yeah, I'm fine. Yeah, he did it. He did. I don't think he had a chance to you, but I think he heard my son in the bathroom and that's why he ran
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you believe about yourself, see if we can find them. The
Gwenevere Abriel: Definitely
Christina haro: I can see I'm
Christina haro: I worry I worry
Christina haro: I worry because I always think
Christina haro: That if I were to be in that situation. Again, I don't know if I freeze. I'd be able to defend myself.
Christina haro: And the reason is because I look back at when I was with my ex husband and the whole time that he beat me and beat me. I never defended myself.
Christina haro: And yet, now I feel like if I were to be in a situation and even if it was a complete stranger. I don't know if I would freeze or I don't know how to defend myself. I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you remember it all when
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's review when that stranger walked in the house. You and I don't know what he wanted. We don't know his intent.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you spoke Christina you demanded that he leave your house, you asked him a question. Were you in my house for you, demanded that you leave, I believe.
Christina haro: Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you walked
Gwenevere Abriel: Over to the kitchen and you pulled out a knife.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you see you did not freeze.
Christina haro: I didn't, I didn't freeze know you
Gwenevere Abriel: Moved you protected the self. You were in motion.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Check how the hearts doing check. How you doing right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: As you're aware that you actually were in motion, and you did there was no freezing. There was instinct and you were in motion.
Gwenevere Abriel: You see that
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you believe
Christina haro: I'm stronger now than what I was going
Gwenevere Abriel: To different perspective, isn't it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You kind of maybe. Yeah, you've actually stood up freezing
Gwenevere Abriel: And then there's also this
Gwenevere Abriel: immobility, that can happen. I think that might be what you're talking about is all freeze and I will move and I won't defend myself, but you didn't you stood up. Not only did you stand up, but you used words and you said, Get out of my house.
So,
Gwenevere Abriel: You you instinctively did protect yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Once you to remember that part of it.
Christina haro: Okay, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I did you are there for you. And in some really odd sort of small way, maybe that was an opportunity for us right now to say, you know what
Gwenevere Abriel: Then before and now you'll recognize it when someone is even approaching you, that's not healthy. You will say no.
Gwenevere Abriel: You won't let it get so close marry that person be abused you might catch it right away you're learning those skills, at least in part in here as we go over what a boundary is the difference between really acknowledging what you want.
Gwenevere Abriel: Really consciously versus I'll take whatever I can get kind of thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's different now. So maybe you're starting to really regain that confidence in loving yourself again seeing your value and making sure healthy people are in your life, not people that could hurt you.
Christina haro: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's schedule another time to meet
Christina haro: Okay, what
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you have going on. Let's see what we got here.
Gwenevere Abriel: I have someone right now at 7am ON APRIL six.
See
Gwenevere Abriel: Tricky.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm struggling
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll tell you what. How does this feel
Gwenevere Abriel: If we've met.
Gwenevere Abriel: I've been seeing people
Gwenevere Abriel: Could we see each other on stuff to you at seven on Sunday.
Christina haro: Sure that's
Gwenevere Abriel: April 5 I've got this weird training on right member member, our group is on. We're day it's now on Thursday all 30
Gwenevere Abriel: So yeah, that's part of this trainings on Friday and Saturday. So if we could do this where we meet April 5
Gwenevere Abriel: Then I can do if you're up to. It doesn't mean you have to all pay attention to the messages from you, we might be able to do a little bit of the FDR and maybe you can kind of have a more relaxed body and state around hearing
Gwenevere Abriel: The door lunch.
Gwenevere Abriel: Welcome I because I don't know if I'm not saying you're not going to still hear it. Pay attention to it. Go check it out, see who's there, it's the, it's the level of anxiety. That's coming up. So I'm just thinking maybe we could do some MTR
Gwenevere Abriel: On that day, so we'll
Gwenevere Abriel: Go. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: April 5
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm just curious, with all my kids on the internet was my connection okay today.
Christina haro: You're kind of a little slow motion. A little bit. Okay. I thought it was mine because I got a new phone. And I thought I had a bad connection. But I don't know. It could be either
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, just ask. Okay, so we're going to meet April 5 at 7am okay
Christina haro: Okay, that's great.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'll see this Friday at 1230 on Thursday.
Christina haro: Thursday. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you're in any
Gwenevere Abriel: Just put it on, let's see, what's your distancing metaphor is what do you have you have on the train moving right so we're going to put it on the train and just sort of picture.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's getting further
Gwenevere Abriel: To the point that you can't see it anymore.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then get back in touch this morning and maybe when you end here, spend some times with
Gwenevere Abriel: Concepts of the unconditional loving guardian angel.
Christina haro: These concepts of
Gwenevere Abriel: An insightful wise self.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the strength of your dad just sit within do that breathing into the belly. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then if you want to, you could go move that remote control into the drawer and pull out that Bible
Christina haro: Yes, definitely.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll see you later.
Christina haro: Okay. Have a good week. Bye bye.
Alicia Noedel: Hi.
Alicia Noedel: Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you check in, see a note that you had already gone to virtual clinic.
Alicia Noedel: It.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I see it now. Okay, we're good there. Let's do this. Do me a favor, log all the way out. I'm trying to separate the zoom meeting. It really helps. So I'm going to log out wait about 60 seconds. I'm gonna
Gwenevere Abriel: Run to the ladies room super quick and then I'll have the meeting open and just wait in the in the waiting room here and then I'll let you in literally a minute.
Alicia Noedel: No problem. Good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay so log out and come right back.
Alicia Noedel: Okay, excuse me quick minute make